hey guys just a very quick video to say
this was my podcast
set up with the webcam beforehand
and here's the new podcast in youtube
setups we've got rid of the old webcam
and replaced that for a sony slr
we have completely changed up the
lighting we got rid of the old backdrop
and we've gone for a new setup just
behind us and i'll put a full breakdown
of all the new kit in the description
below but we'd love to hear your
feedback
if you've got any tweaks or
recommendations or anything you think
could look better
for the general look and feel and
background would love to hear it and let
me know what you think in the comments
below
cheers